Mom, let's go
I'm starving, I still want to have a few drinks with you
In-laws!
It's getting late.
Let's go eat
Don't let the child go hungry
Hahaha look
Your mother is gone, I don't want you anymore.
From now on, the parents will be Mr. Wu's daughters
You can only be a servant in your life
I thought I was really a big lady
Dream on you
Ah!
What to see
I didn't look, I'm telling you.
If you tell me about this today, I can use it for four days
Don't get three for your parents' medical expenses and your brother's tuition.
Double your salary?
Show me the money.
Don't worry, master, leave it to me.
He just broke his leg and was so tired.
I still have to take him to get a divorce certificate
If the leg is broken, I will carry it.
Ah yes yes yes